README.md, before:

# Titanic-Disaster-Machine-Learning-Predictive-Model
This repository is a predictive machine learning model for the Titanic Disaster.The sinking of the Titanic is one of the most infamous shipwrecks in history.  On April 15, 1912, during her maiden voyage, the widely considered “unsinkable” RMS Titanic sank after colliding with an iceberg. Unfortunately, there weren’t enough lifeboats for everyone onboard, resulting in the death of 1502 out of 2224 passengers and crew.  While there was some element of luck involved in surviving, it seems some groups of people were more likely to survive than others.
In other to make a predictive model for disasters like this, a supervised learning with the use of classification will be used to create and train a model which can predict if one will survive or not base on the indiviuals details.

## Files
### Data Files
  The raw data files are:
    1) training set (train.csv)
    2) test set (test.csv)
    
## Explanation of the files

## Guide

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md
Additional information provided to the readme file for more details on project usage

README.md, after:

# Titanic-Disaster-Machine-Learning-Predictive-Model
This repository is a predictive machine learning model for the Titanic Disaster.The sinking of the Titanic is one of the most infamous shipwrecks in history.  On April 15, 1912, during her maiden voyage, the widely considered “unsinkable” RMS Titanic sank after colliding with an iceberg. Unfortunately, there weren’t enough lifeboats for everyone onboard, resulting in the death of 1502 out of 2224 passengers and crew.  While there was some element of luck involved in surviving, it seems some groups of people were more likely to survive than others.
In other to make a predictive model for disasters like this, a supervised learning with the use of classification will be used to create and train a model which can predict if one will survive or not base on the indiviuals details.

# Files
    - training set (train.csv)
    - test set (test.csv)
    - feature_selection.py
    - Predictions.csv
    - getdata.py
    - Model.py
    
    
# Guide
  - Ensure all files are in same folder
  - Open the Model.py script in your python IDE (e.g Pycharm)
  - Run the model.py python script
  - The predictions from the test dataset will be grenerated after the code runs completely for review.

# Contributing
Contributions of any kind are much welcomed to increase the accuracy of this preditive model. 


# Author
Oguche Victor Ojochenemi - victoroguche@gmail.com.

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License

# Acknowledgments
- Udacity learning community
